[Music]
symptoms of canine distemper
the canine office is a disease
caused by a virus that affects dogs
of any age puppies or adults
of this disease is very contagious
between dogs but it is not transmitted to
human being or other animals
[Music]
may affect one or more of the
following systems
the respiratory system the system
digestive
central nervous system skin and eyes
[Music]
most common symptoms of canine distemper
fever and 41 degrees
depression and anorexia
[Music]
conjunctivitis with the desire
a purulent salt was growing
respiratory distress
land
and pustules grains in the belly
[Music]
if the virus affects the nervous system
central is a very serious picture that
called nervous distemper
symptoms of nerve discomfort
nervous tics
seizures
paralysis
in coordination
[Music]
you want to know the treatment of
canine distemper
[Music]
You also want to learn how to protect
your dog of this terrible disease
[Music]
download all the info click here
this information includes all
medications the dosage the way of use and
the precautions of sure not
you will find this information in another
place
[Music]
we want to do then
click here and take all the information
what do you need
[Music]
finally if this video has been useful to you
I 'm going to ask you to click on I like
and leave a comment or a question
related to this video and shortly
I'll be here answering tea for
help you thank you very much and even a
next video